I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'mma do something I do it
I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your feelings
Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact let's be honest
That last "Relapse" CD was "ehh"
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
'Cause I ain't playing around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand-new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I've been through the wringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I wanna promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?

[Eminem:]
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid

Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh

[Eminem:]
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
So...Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?

Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da da dum da dum da da da da

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9-to-5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

You can do anything you set your mind to, manLook, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity brat
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?You sound like a bitch, bitch
Shut the fuck up
When your fans become your haters
You done?
Fuckin' beard's weird
Alright
You yellin' at the mic, fuckin' weird beard (You want smoke)
We doin' this once
You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
Why you yell at the mic? (Illa)

Rihanna just hit me on a text
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Realized I forgot to call you back
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Stan, Stan, son
Listen, man, Dad isn't mad
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
And have a man-bun?
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!"
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old") -ow, Kelly, ooh
But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
By 29, I had three albums that had blew
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
But you're a fuckin' mole hill
Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (Brrt)
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (Hold up)
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material
…Dictionary…
"Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Go back to Recovery," oh shoot, that was three albums ago
What do you know? Oops
Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02
To burn it in front of you, ho
Younger me? No, you the wack me, it's funny but so true
I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
'Til I'm hitting old age
Still can fill a whole page with a ten-year-old's rage
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
Next to Ja, next to Benzino-die, motherfucker!
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain
Alien brain, you Satanist (Yeah)
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (The fuck?)
Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (Pop)
It's your moment
This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Lethal injection
Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort
But if I was three-foot-eleven
You'd look up to me, and for the record
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Give your life to be as solidified
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
How the fuck can him and I battle?
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
I'll give him my sandals
'Cause he knows, long as I'm Shady he's gon' have to live in my shadow
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
You're fuckin' salty
'Cause Young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey
Your red sweater, your black leather
You dress better, I rap better
That a death threat or a love letter?
Little white toothpick
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
Thanks for dissing me
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike"
But really I don't care who's in the right
But you're losin' the fight you picked
Who else want it? Kells?
Attempt fails! Budden, L's!
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
I'm sick of you bein' wack
And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune
So let's talk about it (Let's talk about it)
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
Need to get the cock up out it
Before we can even talk about it (Talk about it)
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it

You fuckin'... oh
And I'm just playin', Diddy
You know I love youUgh, you're a monster

[Eminem:]
I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla
Better hit the deck like the card dealer
My whole squad's in here, walking around the party
A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby "The
Brain" Heenan which is probably the
Same reason I wrestle with mania
Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up
Consider it to cross me a costly mistake
If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia
ADHD, Hydroxycut
Pass the Courvoisi' (Hey, hey)
In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate
Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday
This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A
Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames
They cannot tame or placate the (Ayy)

[Juice WRLD (Eminem):]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster, yeah
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster, yeah
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
(Godzilla, fire spitter), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
(Fire, Godzilla, fire), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

[Eminem:]
I'm just a product of Slick Rick and Onyx, told 'em lick the balls
Had 'em just appalled at so many things that pissed 'em off
It's impossible to list 'em all
And in the midst of all this
I'm in a mental hospital with a crystal ball
Tryna see, will I still be like this tomorrow?
Risperdal, voices whisper
My fist is balled back up against the wall, pencil drawn
This is just the song to go ballistic on
You just pulled a pistol on the guy with the missile launcher
I'm just a Loch Ness, the mythological
Quick to tell a bitch screw off like a fifth of Vodka
When you twist the top of the bottle, I'm a

[Juice WRLD (Eminem):]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah)
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
(Godzilla, fire spitter), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
(Fire, Godzilla, fire), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

[Eminem:]
If you never gave a damn, raise your hand
'Cause I'm about to set trip, vacation plans
I'm on point like my index is, so all you will ever get is
The motherfuckin' finger (Finger), prostate exam ('Xam)
How can I have all these fans and perspire?
Like a liar's pants, I'm on fire
And I got no plans to retire and I'm still the man you admire
These chicks are spazzin' out, I only get more handsome and flyer
I got 'em passin' out like what you do when you hand someone flyers
And what goes around comes around just like the blades on a chainsaw
'Cause I caught the flack, but my dollars stacked right off the bat like a baseball
Like Kid Ink, bitch, I got them racks with so much ease that they call me Diddy
'Cause I make bands and I call getting cheese a cakewalk (Cheesecake, yeah)
Bitch, I'm a player, I'm too motherfuckin' stingy for Cher
Won't even lend you an ear, ain't even pretending to care
But I tell a bitch I'll marry her if she'll bury her
Face on my genital area, the original Richard Ramirez
Cristhian Rivera, 'cause my lyrics never sit well
So they wanna give me the chair
Like a paraplegic, and it's scary, call it Hari Kari
'Cause every Tom and Dick, and Harry carry a Merriam motherfuckin' dictionary
On 'em swearing up and down, they can spit, this shit's hilarious
It's time to put these bitches in the obituary column
We wouldn't see eye to eye with a staring problem
Get the shaft like a steering column (Monster)
Trigger happy, pack heat, but it's black ink
Evil half of the Bad Meets
Evil, that means take a back seat
Take it back to Fat Beats with a maxi, single
Look at my rap sheet, what attracts these people
Is my 'Gangsta Bitch' like Apache with a catchy jingle
I stack chips, you barely got a half-eaten Cheeto
Fill 'em with the venom and eliminate 'em
Other words, I Minute Maid 'em
I don't want to hurt 'em, but I did 'em in a fit of rage
I'm murderin' again, nobody will evade him
Finna kill 'em and dump all the fuckin' bodies in the lake
Obliterating everything, incinerate a renegade
I'm here to make anybody who want it with the pen afraid
But don't nobody want it, but they're gonna get it anyway
'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like I'm mentally ill
I'm Attila, kill or be killed, I'm a killer bee, the vanilla gorilla
You're bringin' the killer within me out of me
You don't want to be the enemy of the demon who went in me
And be on the receivin' end of me, what stupidity it'd be
Every bit of me's the epitome of a spitter
When I'm in the vicinity, motherfucker, you better duck
Or you finna be dead the minute you run into me
A hundred percent of you is a fifth of a percent of me
I'm 'bout to fuckin' finish you bitch, I'm unfadable
You wanna battle, I'm available, I'm blowin' up like an inflatable
I'm undebatable, I'm unavoidable, I'm unevadable
I'm on the toilet bowl, I got a trailer full of money and I'm paid in full
I'm not afraid to pull a—

Man, stop
Look what I'm plannin', hahaYeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)Yeah...
It's my life...
In my own words I guess...

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play, Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-by baby...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more. "Daddy, you're lying.
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine."
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryna block it
"Daddy, please, Daddy, don't leave, Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with you."
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying, "You've got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight.
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late."
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy, it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding."
But, baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'.
"You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad.
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin.
I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going."
But, baby, wait.
"It's too late, Dad, you made your choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes,
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging,
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her,
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[*curtains closing and sounds of clapping*]I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Sets you off 'til you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!"
When it talks to you like you don't belong
Or tells you you're in the wrong field
When something's in your mitochondrial
'Cause it latched on to you, like—

Knock knock, let the devil in
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
This medicine's screamin', "L-L-L-Let us in!"
L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent
Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proof's room slept on the floor of the motel then
Dr. Dre said "hell yeah!"
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know they're gonna hate
But I don't care, I barely can wait
To hit them with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
Because they're gonna taste my—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
It-it's evident I'm not done
V-Venomous, the thoughts spun
Like a web and you just caught in 'em
Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
Beat strangler attack
So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin'
Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi)
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up backin' into ya
You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to you
When you're bit with the—

Venom, adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home
Ain't no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, I'm loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
You're snake-bitten with my—venom
With the ballpoint pen I'm
Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc
'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not, you only get one shot
Ate shit 'til I can't taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint
And awake with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to
'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you
So escapin' me is impossible
I latch onto you like a—parasite
And I probably ruined your parents' life
And your childhood too
'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on
I'm responsible for you retarded fools
I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And I'm the suit, so call me—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)(Fack) Okay
(Fack) How do I say this?
(fack, fack, fack)
Last year didn't work out so well for me
(fack, fack, fack) (fack last year)
(Fack) (Last year can eat a dick!)
2018, well (fack, fack)

Yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything
You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert"
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
I'll ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
You-you collab on a referent rap, I-I have never said his raps
O-overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
And ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it
While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it
I'm 'bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

I turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't (wasn't)
From the moment I heard rappers cussin', I was in (was in)
Which is why I identify with the guy
Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein
Energized like a nine volt, ice cold
Like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blowed is 'cause I'm white though
Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone
I don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all should've let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze
take a look at what I've done

I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that
wait that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re-air it
Shit's embarrassing, as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift beware of me
Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is

Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin'
Somethin' evil is lurkin', I'm no conspiracy theorist
But somethin' here is afoot—oh yeah, it's my dick
Get the measuring stick (what?), twelve inches of wood
Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
And I've come to pay respects
'Cause if you sleep you're fucked—other words, you get laid to rest
And I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book
You got some views, but you're still below me
Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
And you know I've always spoke the truth
You're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do
When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you
And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shootThese ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up, but you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left

'Til I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'm 'a stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem.

Subliminal thoughts when I'm 'a stop sending
Them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxicillin is just not real enough.

The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us.

You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'Cause you may never get it again.

So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.

It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me.

That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate, hit me.

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve

But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse

My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers.
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.

So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So...

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

[Eminem and Nate Dogg:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
Give out from underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me.I could be with anybody, I choose you
Still, it's no excuse to abuse you
But no one knows what I'm goin' through, so I'd use you
To be truthful, I wouldn't know what to do if I lose you
So I refuse to, might have a screw loose and a fuse blew
But I think I might be buildin' up a tolerance to you
'Cause one minute I'm hollerin', "Screw you"
Next I take it back, guess you can say I'm tryna unscrew you
But the shit's about to pop off, yeah, I feel you up
Then I got you totally open as soon as I take your top off
You're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off
My friends say you're bad for me, hogwash

I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
Used to always have my back

Some days it feels like you're all that I have
That's why I'm tryna hold onto you for as long as I can
And you just want me for my money so I got you wrapped all in saran
Damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand
But if not for my financials
I wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample
Plenty days, where I'm just in a daze and I can't pull
Myself up out this rut and you're so much of a handful
I can only take so much of you all at one time
Because too much of you's just too much to swallow sometimes
Gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side
I shake in convulsions, separation anxiety 'cause we may be the closest
Yeah, baby we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious
Combination? We know, it's like playin' with explosives
Quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis
Such a wide range of emotions
Migraines, but why the fuck am I takin' these MOTRINs?
Ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean
And you're my fix on the days when I'm broken
But the shit's about to go sideways, I just know it

I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
Used to always have my back

So I spiral downwardly 'cause I'm too cowardly to leave you
Head is clouded in a fallacy, but in reality
Somehow it seems like when I lay me down to sleep I'm counting sheep
You're bound to creep
'Cause every time I turn around, you keep runnin' out on me
You're my Xanax and my valium, I'm an addict, you're a downer
You're my habit, it's like I found you in the cabinet
But it's like I can't uncap it 'cause it's childproof
A scoundrel and fiend's how I feel around you
Awful, every time I lost you, felt like I had you in my pocket
Now I'm flippin' over the furniture, punchin' holes in the walls through
Everything that we've gone through
How many times you've fucked me
But the way it felt for me to be on top when I was on you
Swore my fealty, but word to G.O.D
I thought you loved me, bitch, you tried to kill me, I'm getting off you
Quit callin' for me, hard proof's how I respond to
The Ambien and Tylenols too
Fuck all you

Fuckin' bitch
We're doneThe days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me clowns
That means "suicide" homie, you'll never throw me
Off of this course, blow me
Bitch, I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all
I'm not just talking awards, homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
Remember that when they get to dogging you boy, homie
So ya'll can just get to blogging about bologna,
I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues
No stopping the force, Obi
I'm mopping the floors with 'em
I keep trying to pass it
But they keep on dropping the torch
And it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V-E-R
Just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors
And no, we ain't pumpkins on Halloween
But we'll show up on your porch,
So be careful what you say
There ain't no punks over here, so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you, no

For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap-dancing all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now, Doody, for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'mma do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new height
Step on the gas and accelerate, I'mma need 2 mics
'Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it, excuse the corny metaphor
But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching, this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof, you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'mma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes
I'mma own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below 'em
Homie, I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night
Had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me, "Nah, Doody, you're not laying on that table I knew."
I was gonna make it soon as you said, "Think of Hailie," I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you
I love you, Doody

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you no[Eminem:]
You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months
[Justin Vernon:]
It's too loud
[Eminem:]
Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them
[Justin Vernon:]
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Three's not a crowd all up in it, slow fire

Don't fall on my face
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my

[Eminem:]
Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre
In that first marijuana tape—guess I got a chronic case (yeah)
And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face
I know this time Paul and Dre
They won't tell me what not to say (nope)
And though me and my party days
Have all pretty much parted ways
You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid"
One last time for Charlamagne
If my response is late, it's just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, they're mockin' Jay
Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake
Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate, I call it "Walk on Water" gate
I've had as much as I can tolerate
I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You wanted Shady? You got him!

[Justin Vernon (Eminem):]
Don't fall on my face (yeah)
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (rrr!)
Don't fall on my fate (look)

[Eminem:]
Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body bag get zipped
The closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches
And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted
Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly
Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
Lackin' with it, "he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit"
Ho, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up
Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
Hopin' that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, "Hold your head up!"—Kathy Griffin
Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition
This is how I shot ahead (pew)—Gabby Giffords
My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business
Tyler create nothin', I see why you called yourself a (faggot), bitch
It's not just 'cause you lack attention
It's because you worship D12's balls, you're sack-religious
If you're gonna critique me
You better at least be as good or better
Get Earl the Hooded Sweater
Whatever his name is to help you put together
Some words, more than just two letters
The fans waited for this moment like that feature
When I stole the show (ha), sorry if I took forever (haha)

[Justin Vernon (Eminem):]
Don't fall on my face (yeah)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (I won't)
Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (ha)
Don't fall on my fate (it's too easy)

[Eminem:]
Just remember, I was here before you
And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you
Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine
Increase the dose, from least to most
And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves
They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show
Every parasite needs a host (haha)
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word of
Everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah)
And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer
A beacon of hope, put a B-I-R-D in the air
Somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care
But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket
How I'm buryin' these artists
On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
And what's scary is you probably can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started (woo)
And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or I'll show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home
I belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture
I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the
Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan
But I'm not gonna fall... bitch!

[Justin Vernon:]
It's too loud
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Three's not a crowd all up in it
Slow fireWe touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'mma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is "evol"
Spell it backwards I'll show you

Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this

And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you"This could never work," is what we said at first
But whatever this is, it's working
But we're in two different worlds and (Yeah)
I'm not your husband (Nah), you ain't my girlfriend
All I know is that (What?)
When I'm with you, I'm a different person, yeah
And I ain't never met a chick as perfect
Girl, you're a ten, so here I am (Yeah)
Laying here with her again
Thinking 'bout you
She's asleep, you're texting me around two
Crying face emoji, you say this is me without you
Worth sneaking out to me, the cheap hotel rooms or
Sex in the car, then I'll text you tomorrow
Do I question it? Nah, no objection at all
'Cause both of us are still involved, so
As I'm peelin' off, all I'm thinking 'bout is

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

You're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me
He's asleep, you say, "Let's meet around three"
You went to leave the house, he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out
You thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah
You say you're going for a drive, you don't question him
When he stumbles in, like, "Where the fuck you've been?"
Then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear
Tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears
But it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt
You or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt
But now the lines are getting super blurred
Can't tell if I'm cheating on her with you or cheating on you with her
But really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love
Hope they don't ever hear us talk
'Cause we both are getting sloppy
Probably subconsciously part of me's hoping we get caught 'cause

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

We're laying here with them, thinking 'bout us
'Cause now when we get home, we get jealous
Of each other being someone else's
Call us Long John Silver's 'cause we selfish
But I just wanna see ya
Don't care if it's at the Ritz or Motel 6
If I'm there with ya, rich or poor
When I'm laying here with ya, it could be the kitchen floor
I could stay in bed with ya starin' at ya 'til the morn'
I just wanna be your secret lover, yeah
I'd rather share ya than to not have you at all
So once a year or twice a month I'm here if you want it
Yeah, I'm open season
And I'm always game, so keep it a hundred, dear, haha
'Cause we could never be each other's everythings, you got a wedding ring
So it's him instead of me, but I'll be your second string, now and forever because

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep (I'm in way too deep)Hey, yo
(This song's about)
My, my stepdad
(Let's see if this ever happened to you)
I, I hate
My, my stepdad

One thing that sticks in my craw
When I was six and I saw my stepfather hittin' my mom
Socked her right in her eyeball
I'm startin' to think I'm psychotic
With all the pictures that I draw of
Shit that I already witnessed, this probably twisted my thoughts
All I can hear is drama with mom and him
I can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways
The walls are thin so the noise is startin' to feel like the norm
My dog pissed on the carpet, he stomped it so hard
Doctors had to put it down
He killed my chihuahua, this motherfucker

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

Outside, I look like I'm calm
Inside, I'm a tickin' time bomb
'Cause of this motherfucker, who sticks his dick in my mom (My mom)
Last night, he said I left the kitchen light on
But he walked in there this morning and purposely flipped it, I saw him
Hickory switch to my bottom, I counted sixty-nine times
He swatted me with it, I'm cryin'
He just started hittin' me harder
God, I just wish I could jaw him
If I could get my weight up
But I'm just a second grader
This prick is bigger than I am
But I've been readin' at school about this shit called liquid cyanide
I'm fantasizin' at night when he's sleepin' at just the right time
Sneak up with a lethal injection
And put him down like they did to my dog
I'm talkin' euthanasia (Euthanasia), like kids in Taiwan
This fuckin' shit's like Saigon
Neighbors called police on him
So many battery charges, this dude's like lithium ion
Then mom and him let bygones (Bygones)
Just be bygones
So on eggshells, I walk and just try not to piss this guy off
But this why I

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

So this year, I'm goin' to the fifth and I'm tall
I'm five foot six on my block, I'm the toughest kid but I got
Way bigger fish to fry
Which is why I'm tryin' to get this bitch to fly off
The hand'll wait for the fist to fly off to put this guy in a pine box
He's always lookin' for chaos but tonight I've cooked up a plan
So this Christmas, I got some color books and some crayons
I'm layin' on the floor, in the living room with some friends colorin'
He walks by, kicks my arm and goes "Whoops" and just laughs
I yelled for mom (Mom) and as she's rushin' to my defense
I stood up and said, "Fuck you punk" and I took off and ran
To my bedroom, as I fled
Knowin' shit would hit the fan
Slammed the door and hid behind it with an aluminum bat
He kicked it in
I swung it hard as I could at his head
His noodle went splat, he fell right at the foot of my bed
I'm a little bit scared but my anger's overtooken the fear
I threw down the bat and just started whoopin' his ass
Beat him with my bare hands, the big bad wolf ain't so bad
"Ding-dong," the pussy is dead, the bully finally gets his
Stomped him until he pissed enough to fill a two liter wein
Then buried him next to my dog
And if I go to juvie for this, I'ma tell 'em

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)
'Cause I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)My name is Marsh and this world, I'm out of it (Out of it)
'Cause with all this A-B-C shit, I'm starting to sound like Alf a bit
Ha, I kill me, this medicine's counterfeit
I was mislead by the sound of it, how am I gonna get turnt up on this Valium shit? (Yeah)

Checked in at the Royal Garden
To chill and avoid my problems
Until paranoia caused me
To feel like I'm going bonkers
For real, think my toilet's talkin'
I spilled like, like forty bottles
Of pills, think your boy is startin'
To feel like a spoiled carton of milk
'Cause it just occurred
My girl's cheatin', I'm kickin' that fucking bitch to the curb
But the word "fucking" ain't meant to be a descriptive word
The type of bitch she is, ain't no adjective, it's a verb
Ho thinks her snatch is magical
But that's how she attracts men, though
Traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid
Or a vaginal tarantula or black widow
In fact it'll be nothin' to throw that lil' bitch with a capital B out the back window
Of the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo
When I'm strapped, when I spit rapid, like a ratchet
A halfwit, I'll aim at, then I'll
Been fire bitch, I can outrap Reynolds
A pad and pen'll be great, but a napkin'll do
Return of the whack sicko
Head spinnin' like Invisibl Skratch Piklz
Yeah, Shady's back, see the bat signal
It's time to go bat shit, like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it
I'd like to introduce myself
Hi there, bitch...

My name is Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial (Skrrt, yeah)

I could keep beefin', fuck is the point?
I could make it really difficult for motherfuckers to come to Detroit
If you're still looking for smoke, I already gave you an L
I'd rather just see you in Hell, but I should get Puff on the joint (Diddy)
Wait, run it back, I said give you an L, inhale
Puff on the joint, I am the blunt you avoid
Used to get jumped for my ProWings
When I was growing up they said a Slinky's a wonderful toy
My mother thought I was such a fun little boy
"Oh, what a bundle of joy"
Until the morning she suffered a punch in the groin
From a tantrum I was throwing
Like a motherfuckin' disgruntled employee
I don't cut the beat 'til I fuckin' destroy it
Once I get going, rain, thunder, it's storming
Puddles are forming, I hear somebody's voice
In my head, say it's still a dream
Then he said kill emcees
Trippie Redd, with pills and lean
Sipping meds in the limousine
Getting head, guillotine

My name’s Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial (Yeah)
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial

Yeah
So all of y'all can just suck a penis (Suck a penis)
I'll do the opposite (I'll do the opposite)
Eat you pussies like cunnilingus (Like cunnilingus)
There ain't no stoppin' it (There ain't no stoppin' it)
They say I'm such a genius (They say I'm such a genius)
When that Kamikaze hit (When that Kamikaze hit)
Now they call me "butter fingers" (They call me "butter fingers")
'Cause I just keep droppin' shit (I just keep droppin' shit)
You wanna butt heads? Shut up, Beavis, ha ha
I got your bitch with her butt out
I'm hittin' a lick 'cause she stickin' her tongue out (Bitch)
You got no hitters, you might be pitchin' a shut out
She 'bout to give up the dug out (Yeah)
I should just live in a nut house
Right now, I live in an igloo (Yeah)
And I'm not chillin' the fuck out
Treat you like a stepparent, does to a stepchild with red hair and
Plus I get dough like Ed Sheeran, so call me the ginger bread man
I'm a stan of Redman, X-Clan and I'm a Treach fan
But I look up to myself (Yeah)
Like a fucking headstand (Yeah)
So why, w-w-why else, would I call myself an alien?
How could I hit a dry spell? (Yeah), I'm named after the wet lands

I'm Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial (Yeah)
My name is Marsh and, my name is, my name is
My name is MarshYeah. You know?.. Critics, man
Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man
You know the one thing I notice about critics, man?
Is critics never ask me how my day went
Well I'mma tell 'em

Yesterday my dog died, I hog-tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said, "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire

I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song, look
This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I ain't playing
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying,
"Vietnam vet," I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yelling at air
I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire
You're on fire[Alfred Hitchcock:]
I trust that everyone is enjoying the music
As the title of the album suggests
This was meant for your listening pleasure
While you are being done in

[Eminem:]
Call this evil intent, like me in a limo (Yeah)
Like the shade in these windows
Smoke gray, ladies go mental
But no way they can see in though (Nah)
OJ blade is a pencil (Yeah)
Propane takin' my cranium
Code-name Titanium Temple
I almost swallowed my car
I call my Mercedes a Benzo
Bitch, I ball like a baby
Ball like J, but not Jay as in
Jay-Z, J as in Leno
'Cause I got a huge mansion
No, huge man chin, new Manson, loose cannon
Too scandalous, Sue Atkins
The kinda crazy you can't fix
I'm still the one your parents hate
I'm in your house eatin' carrot-cake
While I sit there and wait and I marinate
I'm irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate
And come home to find yourself starin' straight into a fuckin' barrel like Sharon Tate
Raise the concerto while I narrate
Yeah, you be on the straight and narrow like a fuckin' arrow shape
I be on a higher plane in aerospace
With so much leg-room and air space on this airplane
Unlike you 'cause you're on a flight too, but it's a staircase

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine

I am the top-sellin', who cares?
Stop dwellin', then stop yellin'
I'm not yellin', you're yellin'
Smart aleck, goddammit
Fuck is that? Stop hammering (God)
That's what it sounds like in my brain
Much as I fight to restrain
I have the right to remain violent
Any rhyme that I say can and will be used against you
Icicle veins, mics will get slain
Life it will strangle you with bicycle chain
You're gonna have to come identify the remains
Wait, what?
I said my head is twisted like a bread tie (Yup)
Can't get a fuckin' word in, edgewise (Shut up)
Success overnight like a red-eye (Bitch)
Dressed like a Jedi at a Best Buy on the Westside
I'm hot dog, no you're not, I'm the guy with the Oscar at Meijers
In appliances by the washers and dryers
Chick ran up like, "Marshall on fire"
I looked down and said, "No, I'm not, you're a liar"
She said, "No, your music"
Heard you're back with the Doctor and I heard

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine

Dr. Dre
(Psycho) Psycho, killer
Michael (Michael), Thriller (Thriller), my flow, apeshit
I Go-rilla
My flow (My flow), still a psycho (Psycho), killer (Killer)
(Nitro) Hi ho, Silva
Similes and idioms giddy up
I think I can, I think I can
I know I can, psycho I am
Michael, my knife go right hand
In my left hand, I hold mic stand
Little engine gone
Ch-ch-chill like I d-d-do z-z-zilch (Yeah)
Like Kaepernick, I got n-n-kneel, word to Goodwill-will
This must be how bein' hoodrich feels
Was a ghetto boy, now I ball out like Bushwick Bill (Hi ho)
Finna take you out like an outro
Bruce Wayne and Alfred, look out ho
Blueface meets Albert DeSalvo
Balboa with a scalpel
Scoundrel hound with a mouth full of Alpo

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine